What is art?
Is art still valuable in the world?
What art forms have you yourself tried?
Do you think the arts should be supported?
Do you think art has an important place in our schools?
Would you be willing to try your hand at something new?
Do you feel like you are able to do everything you want?
From your childhood, are there experiences that stand out?
Do you have a plan for life?
Is our life better compared to our parents and grandparents?
Is getting a university degree worth it?
Do you feel pressure to take a certain path in life?
Have your friends been good or bad influencers in your life?
Are there times you felt you had to stand up against authority?
Are you anxious to grow up?
Can you accept advice or do you need to experience it yourself?
Can you stand up against peer pressure?
Are there any adults that you respect and confide in?
Is home a safe place for you?
Do you have opinions that differ from your family?
Where have you traveled?
What travel destinations would you like to revisit?
Where would you jump at the chance to visit?
What’s important to know when travelling?
Would it appeal to you to travel at the last minute to an unknown destination?
What is the longest trip you would be willing to take if you had the time and money?
Are there places that you would be afraid to venture?
What do you try to see or do in a new place?
Do you have a plan for your future?
Are you comfortable with meeting new people?
Do you find yourself comparing yourself to others?
Do you find yourself restricted to what society expects of you?
Are you confident in yourself?
Are you able to hold your own in a discussion?
Do you feel peer pressure when it comes to your appearance?
Do you feel you can become whatever you want in your life?
Do you feel safe in your daily life?
Can you freely discuss ideas with family or friends?
Do you feel like there are double standards when it comes to rules for boys and girls?
Does your family have certain expectations of you?
In some cultures they wear black for 1 year when someone they love dies, do you think this is a good ritual? What do you do to show respect for those who have passed away?
Do you consider globalization a good or a bad thing?
How do you know if something is "normal"?
Have you ever encountered a food that was hard to swallow but you didn’t want to offend someone?
What’s the best way to experience a new culture for you?
What would be disrespectful in one culture but okay in another?
Do you think cultures can learn from each other?
What makes up a culture?
Is it fair to judge someone’s culture good or bad?
If you could be anyone in this world, other than yourself, who would you be?
When does free will end and fate begin?
If you were president, what would you do?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t got around to doing?
What is the best advice you were given but did not take?
Is there such thing as a "wrong" choice?
Have you ever made what you thought was a wrong choice, but it turned out to be the right choice?
Have you ever felt you had no choice?
Have you ever felt there were too many choices?
What things do you consider when making choice?
What are the important choices you have had to make in your life?
What do you think is the disadvantage of having too much empathy?
Are there certain people you have trouble feeling empathy towards?
How do you show empathy?
How do you teach empathy?
Do you think your government is empathetic towards citizens?
How can I best help someone who is battling with depression?
How far can excuses like trauma and psychological issues go? When do you put the responsibility on the person?
How can we revolutionize education for the 21st century and beyond?
What is the point of formal education?
What do you think about your country’s education system?
What is something that should be taught in school, but isn't?
Do global warming, political crises, etc. make you worry about the future?
How does "knowing too much" benefit or harm you?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
Do you think there are benefits to educating boys and girls in separate schools?
How early would job shadowing be beneficial in the school system?
What foreign languages do you think should be required by the high schools?
How early do students need to choose what route they will follow after high school graduation?
Should education be free for all?
Do you think wearing uniforms in school is beneficial?
What characteristics are important in a teacher?
How much responsibility should parents take for the education of their children?
Should school curriculums include sex education?
What does a good education mean to you?
Is homeschooling a viable way to receive an education?
Do we let fear drive our choices?
When has fear got in your way?
Scary movies, scary rides, haunted houses… Why is fear so appealing or fascinating?
Do your fears change as you age?
Are there people who control others by fear?
What would you do differently without fear?
Is fear a healthy emotion?
What are examples of irrational fear?
What are examples of justified fear?
What techniques do you use to hide your fear?
Would we be happier if we were living closer to nature?
What makes you happy?
What is happiness?
Does happiness mean the same thing to everyone?
Is there a key to happiness?
How does happiness feel?
Do you need sadness to know happiness?
Would you like to be in a state of constant happiness?
If you could sacrifice your own life to save five people, would you do it?
Do you sabotage your own happiness for others?
Do you think drugs should be freely available to everybody?
Does money buy happiness?
What area of your life brings you the most happiness?
What do you do when you find yourself stuck?
When you have to make a tough decision, do you make your decision based on what is right OR what feels right?
Do you think there is an objective right thing to do in every situation?
Not including deadlines, how do you motivate yourself to get stuff done?
How would you deal with the hurt of betrayal?
How do you deal with people who disagree with you?
Do you usually say what you mean? 
How do you deal with frustration?
What drives you crazy (about a friend, colleague, or family member)?
Peoples’ attention spans are shorter. Do you think it's concerning?
How do you come up with an interesting question?
What does it mean to "be yourself"? Is it a good thing?
How can we think outside the box?
Is the present better than the past?
What should self-driving cars factor in when it comes to decision making?
Do you believe in fate?
How will the world look like in 10 years?
What is the biggest challenge facing the next generation?
Is there a time period or era that appeals to you?
Do you think your past determines your present or future?
What advice would you give your past-self for your present or future?
If you could change one thing from your own past, what would it be?
Is it better to forget the past?
Can your planning for the future have you missing out on the present?
If you could meet one person from the past, who would it be?
Do you think the future is bright?
What advice would you give someone planning for the future?
What items are important to possess to build a stable present and bright future?
Is your future already determined?
Do you think there are moments when violence is justified?
What do you do when you love a person but they don't love you back?
What are the three best things about you?
If life for you were to end now would you be happy with what you’ve done until now?
What is cute?
How much has childhood shaped who we are today?
What is healthy?
What is your favorite pet or animal?
If you could keep one animal as a pet without having to worry about costs, which one would it be?
Anger, jealousy, hate. How should we deal with negative emotions?
Should we respect all the opinions and ideas even if they are harmful?
Is shutting down your brain by watching TV or doing something "not productive" negative or positive?
Do morals restrict or benefit humanity?
Is racism or prejudice a natural survival instinct or a choice?
How much money does a person need to survive from birth to death?
When do you think that a lie is a better option than honesty?
Why do you think some people lie about things, even when it’s not needed?
How positive is the impact of readily available information for youth in developing countries?
How do you want to impact the world?
What is depression and why does it exist?
Is it selfish to have children?
Do you want to have children? If you already do, what are your reasons?
Is it important to be a risk taker?
Should we judge people based on intention, action, or outcome?
How do you feel about leaving your comfort zone?
Do you think a reactive or proactive mindset is better?
What separates humans from animals?
Why do people have so much trouble accepting differences?
What exactly is music?
Why are humans fascinated by music?
How can I find passion?
How can you balance life?
Is it possible to truly know yourself?
How important is it for you to be able to define yourself?
What are the traits of a good leader?
How do you determine if someone’s successful in life?
What is your thought on keeping "work life" and "personal life" separate?
Is motivation important? How do you motivate yourself?
How do you deal with pressure from your boss, co-workers, or customers?
What do you think of opening a business with passion but without market research?
Is willpower a skill that can be learned and improved, or do you think individuals have natural limits?
Will artificial intelligence eventually become a God?
What could be the next scientific discovery to disprove current thinking?
Thinking of the idea of humans possibly living in a virtual reality – does that affect our morals?
Is technology something to appreciate or fear?
Do you think regrets can be a good thing?
Is a good deed that goes unappreciated worthless?
How much curiosity is healthy?
Is life just a game?
Do you play videogames? If yes, which ones?
Do you think e-sport is a real sport? Should it be included in the olympic games?
Can media be too disturbing or violent?
Does humor have boundaries? Should you be able to joke about anything?
What do you think about veganism?
Are the big companies or the consumers at fault for climate change?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?
What would humanity do if an asteroid approaches Earth?
If you had to lose one sense, which one would it be and why?
Are cryptocurrencies a good or a bad thing?
Do banks or companies have too much power?
What's your favorite TV series?
Do you like pineapple on pizza?
Is the glass half full or half empty?
Are we responsible for the cruelties of our ancestors?
How should we teach about the cruelties committed in history?
What do you think about marriage?
Should death penalty exist?
Do we live in a simulation?
Is there anything you can know with certainty?
What traits would your perfect partner have?
What is love?
What is your favorite food?
What is some food that you wanna try?
Would you date a disabled person?
If you could ask an allknowing being one question, what would you ask?
What does your morning routine look like?
Do you shower in the morning or the evening?
If you ended up with a person of your choice on a deserted island, who would you pick?
If your house burned down and you could take only 3 items with you, what would you take?
Who was your childhood crush?
If you were the main character of a movie, what would be your theme song?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What’s your favorite flower or plant?
If you could learn one new professional skill, what would it be?
If you could write a book, what genre would you write it in? Mystery? Thriller? Romance? Historical fiction? Non-fiction?
The zombie apocalypse is coming, who are 3 people you want on your team?
What is your most used emoji?
What was the worst decision you ever made?
You have your own late night talk show, who do you invite as your first guest?
If you were famous, what would you be famous for?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Do you still hate it or do you love it now?
If you had to eat one meal everyday for the rest of your life what would it be?
What would happen if aliens landed on earth tomorrow?
When you die, what do you want to be remembered for?
What is your favorite item you’ve bought?
What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
What is your absolute dream job?
Say you’re independently wealthy and don’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
If you had to delete all but 3 apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep?
Who is your favorite character from any media? Would you trade places with them?
What would your dream house be like?
What fictional group would you be a member of?
What would your superpower be and why?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What’s your favorite tradition or holiday?
What fictional world or place would you like to visit?
What is your favorite time of the day and why?
If you had to become an animal, which one would you be?
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
Do you think you could live without your smartphone (or other technology item) for 24 hours?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
Do you have a "bucket list"? What is on it?
What’s is one thing we don’t know about you?
What is your favorite meal to cook and why?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most out-of-character thing you’ve ever done?
What is your desktop/cellphone wallpaper?
You can have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what is it?
What fruit or vegetable is your favorite?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
If you could commit any crime and get away with it what would you choose and why?
If you could see one movie again for the first time, what would it be and why?
If you could change places with anyone in the world, who would it be and why?
If you could rename yourself, what name would you pick?
If you could have someone follow you around all the time, like a personal assistant, what would you have them do?
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?
If you could magically become fluent in any language, what would it be?
Would you want to be immortal?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be and why?
If you could have the power of teleportation right now, where would you go and why?